memory-bank/activeContext.md, before:

# Active Context

## Current Focus
- Refining recipes that need improvement.
- Testing recipes that are not yet mature.
- Continuing to add new recipes.

## Next Steps
- **High Priority - Recipe Improvement**:
    - Rework `Kansai-Style Quarter Sheet Pan Tamagoyaki` to a sweeter style.
    - Adjust `My take on a "medieval" stew` to achieve a thicker, less 'soupy' consistency.
- **Testing & Refinement**:
    - `Homemade Naan`: Explore techniques to make it significantly better than store-bought.
    - `Vanilla Pudding`: Explore techniques to make it significantly better than store-bought.
    - `Dal Makhani`: Test again to confirm the recipe.
    - `Tailgate Tandoori Chicken`: Continue to test and refine.
    - `Smoked Paprika Boston Baked Beans`: Test again to confirm the recipe.
- **Recipe Cleanup**:
    - Consider removing or archiving the `NYT No Knead Bread Recipe` since its technique is now used with another dough.
- **New Recipes**:
    - Add the `Pumpkin Spice Latte` to the testing queue.
    - Add `Julia Child's Fluffy Pumpkin Pie` to the testing queue.
    - Add `Kish Family Two-Bread Stuffing` to the testing queue.
    - Test `Trinidadian Green Seasoning` & `Trinidadian BBQ Chicken`.
    - Test `Apple Butter BBQ Sauce` & `Burnt Ends Chicken`.
    - Test `Jamaican Jerk Marinade` & `Jerk Chicken`.
    - Test `Pollo a la Brasa Marinade` & `Roast Chicken`.
    - Test `The "Considered Average" Shokupan`.

Commit message:

Egg nog, new cookie, new universal batter, several revisions from research and tests

memory-bank/activeContext.md, after:

# Active Context

## Current Focus
- A major initiative to rework and improve several core recipes based on food science principles has been completed.
- The current focus is now on testing these newly updated recipes to validate the changes.

## Next Steps
- **High Priority - Testing Newly Reworked Recipes**:
    - `"The Baker's Secret" Chocolate Chip Cookies`: Test the new high-yield, low-risk recipe.
    - `Homemade Naan (Modified)`: Test the new "Cast Iron Inversion" and hybrid leavening technique.
    - `Good Old-Fashioned Pancakes (Modified v2)`: Test the reworked recipe with soured milk and a resting phase.
    - `The "Everything Batter" (1:1:1 Ratio)`: Test its performance for cakes, crepes, and waffles.
    - `Karachi Chicken Karahi`: Test the optional dry-brining step.
    - `My take on a "medieval" stew"`: Test the new version with dried mushrooms for enhanced umami.
    - `Kanto-Style (Sweet) Quarter Sheet Pan Tamagoyaki (v2)`: Test the reworked sheet-pan method.
- **Testing & Refinement**:
    - `Vanilla Pudding`: Explore techniques to make it significantly better than store-bought.
    - `Dal Makhani`: Test again to confirm the recipe.
    - `Tailgate Tandoori Chicken`: Continue to test and refine.
    - `Smoked Paprika Boston Baked Beans`: Test again to confirm the recipe.
- **Recipe Cleanup**:
    - Consider removing or archiving the `NYT No Knead Bread Recipe` since its technique is now used with another dough.
- **New Recipes**:
    - Add the `Pumpkin Spice Latte` to the testing queue.
    - Add `Julia Child's Fluffy Pumpkin Pie` to the testing queue.
    - Add `Kish Family Two-Bread Stuffing` to the testing queue.
    - Test `Trinidadian Green Seasoning` & `Trinidadian BBQ Chicken`.
    - Test `Apple Butter BBQ Sauce` & `Burnt Ends Chicken`.
    - Test `Jamaican Jerk Marinade` & `Jerk Chicken`.
    - Test `Pollo a la Brasa Marinade` & `Roast Chicken`.
    - Test `The "Considered Average" Shokupan`.
