memory-bank/progress.md, before:

# Recipe Progress

This file tracks the maturity of each recipe based on how many times it has been made.

## Bread
- [ ] The Everything Dough Recipe (Made many times. Now my recipe for most basic breads. I don't make the NYT recipe anymore. I do make the pizza crust recipe when making pizza, as the flavor profile is better.)
- [ ] Homemade Naan (Modified) (Made several times. My go-to recipe though not significantly better than store-bought yet.)
- [ ] Jay's Signature Pizza Crust (Made many times.)
- [ ] Basic White Sandwich Bread (Made several times, though not better than store bought bread unless you're on a boat and away from land for a while.)
- [ ] NYT No Knead Bread Recipe (Made several times. I use this baking technique with the simpler everything dough recipe above.)
- [ ] The "Considered Average" Shokupan (Made: 0)

## Breakfast
- [ ] Good Old-Fashioned Pancakes (Modified) (Made many times.)
- [ ] Quarter Sheet Pan Egg Roulade (Made several times.)
- [ ] Quarter Sheet-Pan Omelette (Made several times.)
- [ ] Kansai-Style Quarter Sheet Pan Tamagoyaki (Made 1. Didn't like the flavor profile. Needs significant work to make the sweeter tamago style instead.)
- [ ] The Perfect British-Style Scone for the American Kitchen (Made many, many times. Now a staple to have in the freezer.)

## Desserts
- [ ] 1-2-3-4 Cake (Made several times. My go-to cake.)
- [ ] Vanilla Pudding (Made several times. Not signifcantly better than store-bought.)
- [ ] Julia Child's Fluffy Pumpkin Pie (Made: 0)

## Drinks
- [ ] Boardwalk Lemonade (Made many times. Now a go-to for homemade lemonade.)
- [ ] Pumpkin Spice Latte (Made: 0)

## Main Courses
- [ ] Karachi Chicken Karahi (Made many, many times. Recipe is near final. While not everyone's favorite karahi, this is a dish my family and friends love.)
- [ ] Okonomiyaki (Made many times. A family favorite.)
- [ ] Baotze (Chinese Steamed Buns) (Made several times. Hard work, but always enjoyed. Great party dinner/event.)
- [ ] Instant Pot Butter Chicken (Modified) (Made several times. Great recipe.)
- [ ] Mini Man Burgers with Grilled Onions (Modified) (Made several times. Great recipe, but cleanup is rough. Now prefer the recipe below.)
- [ ] The Best Cheeseburger Sliders You’ll Ever Make (Made several times. Great recipe, not quite as flavorful as mini-man burgers but good compromise for easier cleanup.)
- [ ] Dal Makhani (Made once or twice. Went well.)

## Soups & Stews
- [ ] My take on a "medieval" stew (Made a few times. Want to work on getting a more 'stew' and less 'soup' consistency.)
- [ ] Cha Cha's White Chicken Chili (Modified) (Made many times. Great to have in the soup/stew rotation.)
- [ ] Easy Butter Chicken Soup (Made: 0)

## Sauces & Marinades
- [ ] Korean BBQ Marinade for Chicken Thighs (Made a few times, very well received. Great recipe for large crowds).
- [ ] Peri-Peri Chicken Thighs (Scaled for 3.5 kg) (Made several times. Fantastic recipe, goes over very well. Now a go-to for crowds).
- [ ] Tailgate Tandoori Chicken (Made a few times. Recipe is going over well. Continue to test.)
- [ ] Simplified Pasta Sauce (Made many times, our base pasta sauce.)
- [ ] Exquisite Pizza Sauce (Modified) (Made many times, our go-to pizza sauce.)
- [ ] Instant Pot Apple Butter (Made a few times, goes over very well after apple picking or when seconds are in the market).
- [ ] Trinidadian Green Seasoning (Mother Sauce) + BBQ Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)
- [ ] Apple Butter BBQ (Mother Sauce) + Burnt Ends Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)
- [ ] Jamaican Jerk Marinade (Mother Sauce) + Jerk Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)
- [ ] Pollo a la Brasa Marinade (Mother Sauce) + Roast Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)

## Side Dishes
- [ ] Smoked Paprika Boston Baked Beans (Made once or twice. Need to test more).
- [ ] Red Lobster Cheddar Biscuits (Made a few times, always a crowd hit).
- [ ] Sushi Rice (Made several times. Good recipe.)
- [ ] Kish Family Two-Bread Stuffing (Made: 0)

Commit message:

Egg nog, new cookie, new universal batter, several revisions from research and tests

memory-bank/progress.md, after:

# Recipe Progress

This file tracks the maturity of each recipe based on how many times it has been made.

## Bread
- [ ] The Everything Dough Recipe (Made many times. Now my recipe for most basic breads. I don't make the NYT recipe anymore. I do make the pizza crust recipe when making pizza, as the flavor profile is better.)
- [ ] Homemade Naan (Modified) (Made several times. Reworked with a "Cast Iron Inversion" technique and hybrid leavening to better simulate a tandoor. Untested.)
- [ ] Jay's Signature Pizza Crust (Made many times.)
- [ ] Basic White Sandwich Bread (Made several times, though not better than store bought bread unless you're on a boat and away from land for a while.)
- [ ] NYT No Knead Bread Recipe (Made several times. I use this baking technique with the simpler everything dough recipe above.)
- [ ] The "Considered Average" Shokupan (Made: 0)

## Breakfast
- [ ] Good Old-Fashioned Pancakes (Modified v2) (Made many times. Reworked to sour the milk and include a resting phase for a more tender and taller pancake. Untested.)
- [ ] Quarter Sheet Pan Egg Roulade (Made several times.)
- [ ] Quarter Sheet-Pan Omelette (Made several times.)
- [ ] Kanto-Style (Sweet) Quarter Sheet Pan Tamagoyaki (v2) (Made: 0. Reworked with cornstarch, mayonnaise, and a high-heat, short-time protocol. Untested.)
- [ ] The Perfect British-Style Scone for the American Kitchen (Made many, many times. Now a staple to have in the freezer.)

## Desserts
- [ ] "The Baker's Secret" Chocolate Chip Cookies (Made: 0. New recipe designed for high-yield, low-risk, using chemical mimicry to create bakery-style results. Replaces the previous brown-butter recipe. Untested.)
- [ ] The "Everything Batter" (1:1:1 Ratio) (Made: 0. Replaces the old 1-2-3-4 cake with a versatile ratio-based batter using the reverse creaming method. Can be used for cakes, crepes, waffles, and Yorkshire puddings. Untested.)
- [ ] Vanilla Pudding (Made several times. Not signifcantly better than store-bought.)
- [ ] Julia Child's Fluffy Pumpkin Pie (Made: 0)

## Drinks
- [ ] Boardwalk Lemonade (Made many times. Now a go-to for homemade lemonade.)
- [ ] Pumpkin Spice Latte (Made: 0)

## Main Courses
- [ ] Karachi Chicken Karahi (Made many, many times. Recipe is near final. An optional dry-brining step has been added to improve texture when using American chicken. Untested.)
- [ ] Okonomiyaki (Made many times. A family favorite.)
- [ ] Baotze (Chinese Steamed Buns) (Made several times. Hard work, but always enjoyed. Great party dinner/event.)
- [ ] Instant Pot Butter Chicken (Modified) (Made several times. Great recipe.)
- [ ] Mini Man Burgers with Grilled Onions (Modified) (Made several times. Great recipe, but cleanup is rough. Now prefer the recipe below.)
- [ ] The Best Cheeseburger Sliders You’ll Ever Make (Made several times. Great recipe, not quite as flavorful as mini-man burgers but good compromise for easier cleanup.)
- [ ] Dal Makhani (Made once or twice. Went well.)

## Soups & Stews
- [ ] My take on a "medieval" stew (Made a few times. Reworked to include dried mushrooms to boost umami and create a "meaty" flavor without adding purines. Untested.)
- [ ] Cha Cha's White Chicken Chili (Modified) (Made many times. Great to have in the soup/stew rotation.)
- [ ] Easy Butter Chicken Soup (Made: 0)

## Sauces & Marinades
- [ ] Korean BBQ Marinade for Chicken Thighs (Made a few times, very well received. Great recipe for large crowds).
- [ ] Peri-Peri Chicken Thighs (Scaled for 3.5 kg) (Made several times. Fantastic recipe, goes over very well. Now a go-to for crowds).
- [ ] Tailgate Tandoori Chicken (Made a few times. Recipe is going over well. Continue to test.)
- [ ] Simplified Pasta Sauce (Made many times, our base pasta sauce.)
- [ ] Exquisite Pizza Sauce (Modified) (Made many times, our go-to pizza sauce.)
- [ ] Instant Pot Apple Butter (Made a few times, goes over very well after apple picking or when seconds are in the market).
- [ ] Trinidadian Green Seasoning (Mother Sauce) + BBQ Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)
- [ ] Apple Butter BBQ (Mother Sauce) + Burnt Ends Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)
- [ ] Jamaican Jerk Marinade (Mother Sauce) + Jerk Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)
- [ ] Pollo a la Brasa Marinade (Mother Sauce) + Roast Chicken (Prep) (Made: 0)

## Side Dishes
- [ ] Smoked Paprika Boston Baked Beans (Made once or twice. Need to test more).
- [ ] Red Lobster Cheddar Biscuits (Made a few times, always a crowd hit).
- [ ] Sushi Rice (Made several times. Good recipe.)
- [ ] Kish Family Two-Bread Stuffing (Made: 0)
